# STACK Professionals' Network: Meeting on 8 May 2025

## Participants
* Marc Peterfi
* Matthias Geissbuhler
* Hendrikje Schmidtpott
* Jonas Lache
* Wigand Rathmann
* Jesus Copado
* Maciej Matuszewski
* Florian Lindemann
* Zuma Zevick
* Santiago Borrio
* Georg Osang
* Sam Fearn
* Edmund Farrow
* Konstantina Zerva


## Developers Updates

STACK-Moodle update from Edmund: Small bug fixes on the Maxima side. Issue with the file download questions; they are broken in the current version of STACK. There's a small fix for that. We will have a release in the next, probably couple of weeks, to try and tie in with the release of Moodle 5.1. Working on YAML representation questions within Git Sync, to make possible to store STACK questions as YAML files, which are more readable than XMLs and you can also specify your own defaults. 
In terms of STACK going forwards, we're looking into metadata; entering metadata on the edit page, and what would be useful there, and how we go about that. Updating the response analysis page, so you can get some JSON output, so it's easier to analyze.

STACK-ILIAS update from Jesus: Currently in ILIAS is used the Moodle Core version 4.5, and we will move to 4.10, probably before the end of the year. 

## Items Discused

### How someone can ask for a STACK workshop
Have a form in the STACK webpage for people to fill in.

### In person even in Sevilla
Rethinking STEM Education in the Age of AI (29â€“30 JAN 2026, <https://events.surlabs.info/>). SURLABS will host the TACK, STEM & AI Event in Sevilla - a two-day, English-language working forum for university leaders, educators, and learning technologists.

### Text based PRT
Edmund demonstrated how to edit text based PRTs in STACK. There will be an an option to display the PRT, in a YAML format, in a text box. This feature will be priority over the next months. Here is the GitHub issue for followup <https://github.com/maths/moodle-qtype_stack/issues/1534>

### What should we prioritise for the next development cycle
Maintain the API 

### Other feature requests
Ways in STACK to deal with binary numbers. Matti pointed us to issue 317 <https://github.com/maths/moodle-qtype_stack/issues/317>

## Date for next meeting:
Thursday 13 of November 13.00 pm UK.


Note: this meeting was recorded and the video was shared with the members of the Network. 