# Using STACK to put the "book inside the quiz"

This event is associated with the Eurasmus+ IDIAM project.

We have been using, and evaluating, an organising principle for online learning materials which is increasingly guiding our thinking in the development of university mathematics courses. Essentially we have taken the book and put it inside automatically assessed online quizzes. In doing this, we embrace the potential provided by new technology to implement evidence-based practices such as spaced retrieval practice.  This workshop discusses details of this innovation, and demonstrates examples of courses in which we have implemented it.

**When:** Wednesday 16th November 2022.

**Where:** The University of Edinburgh, James Clerk Maxwell building (for in-person attendees) and online.

9:30 am - 12:30 pm, JCMB - Room 5323<br/>
13.00 pm - 17.00pm, JCMB - Room 5326

### Program 

9:30-10:00 Opening<br/>
10:00-11:00 Designing materials with STACK & "putting the book inside the quiz", George Kinnear<br/>
11:00-11:15 Coffee break<br/>
11:15-12:15 Discussion of case studies of use:<br/>

1. HELM project, Konstantina Zerva
2. Introductory Mathematics and its Applications, Robert Bickerton 
3. Complex analysis (Honours Complex Variables), Richard Gratwick
              
12:15-13:15 Lunch

13:00-15:00 STACK authoring workshops: 
- Getting your first question working (no STACK experience required).
- Testing and maintaining STACK questions.

### Sign up

You are welcome to attend the event in person.  To register please email <a href="mailto:K.Zerva@ed.ac.uk">Konstantina Zerva</a>.  Lunch will be provided for every participant attending in-person.  Please specify any special dietry requirements you have.

Demonstration materials associated with this event will be online here:  <https://stack-demo.maths.ed.ac.uk/demo/course/view.php?id=176>

### Links to the recordings 
Morning talks:  <https://ed-ac-uk.zoom.us/rec/share/7qRa6xCbEAZr4iFKMD_fBEgp-7LfaGQPxGYNbmY8F53aa3r2TMen4bAvHWPqq8ch._16wt4GzJNRH0hx7>
Afternoon workshop: <https://ed-ac-uk.zoom.us/rec/share/8endrAjD4C95N3pW-tmN5ZySNI19zvfrreE-Nk2aSazIToC-1IeR59RsFayOHGH6.LtKOedIaaORNUe-D?startTime=1668605212000>
