# A Workshop on Tasks, Tools and Assessment in Digital University Mathematics

**Date:** 20 March 2026<br/>
**Place:** PH Schwäbisch Gmünd, Germany

Digitalization has opened up great opportunities for mathematics at universities. STACK, for example, is a tool that provides tasks with automatic feedback and that allows for randomization. As the number of tools and corresponding learning scenarios continues to grow, questions about structure arise: What goals are we pursuing with the tools in learning, what role do individual elements play in the design of learning environments, and how can we use digital tools effectively in assessment? The conference aims to bring together international researchers and developers on this topic. Our goal is a visionary discussion that connects technical possibilities with didactic opportunities.

Time table：

09:15 Introduction of the participants; Agenda <br/>
09:30 Digital tasks: state of practice and theory (discussion based on reading list)<br/>
10:30 _Coffee break_<br/>
11:00 What didactic functionality can digital tasks provide? A scoping review (Birte Reich)<br/>
12:00 _Lunch and coffee_<br/>
13:30 Workshop: What happens when we promote paper-pencil tasks to digital tasks?<br/>
This should include technical issues, didactical considerations and questions on practical implications<br/>
15:00 _Coffee break_<br/>
15:30 Digital mathematics assessment: state of practice and theory (discussion based on reading list)<br/>
16:00 Workshop: What happens when we digitalize assessment in (higher) mathematics?<br/>
We would like to discuss an agenda both for research and practical implementation.<br/>
17:30 Conclusion

**Contact:** [Dr. Michael Liebendörfer](mailto:michael.liebendoerfer@ph-gmuend.de) (Schwäbisch Gmünd) 

## Suggested reading

The following was suggested reading for the meeting.

1.	Deeva, G., Bogdanova, D., Serral, E., Snoeck, M., & De Weerdt, J. (2021). [A review of automated feedback systems for learners: Classification framework, challenges and opportunities]( https://doi.org/10.1016/j.compedu.2020.104094). Computers & Education, 162, 104094. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.compedu.2020.104094
2.	Kinnear, G., & Iannone, P. (2024). [Students’ views of e-assessment feedback in undergraduate mathematics](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15348008). In T. Evans, O. Marmur, J. Hunter, G. Leach, & J. Jhagroo (Eds.), Proceedings of the 47th Conference of the International Group for the Psychology of Mathematics Education (Vol. 3, pp. 137–144). PME. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15348008
3.	Chapter 6 of _Assessment Of Conceptual Knowledge_ by Guido Pinkernell and Hans-Georg Weigand
4.	Frode Rønning, [Influence of computer-aided assessment on ways of working with mathematics](https://doi.org/10.1093/teamat/hrx001), Teaching Mathematics and its Applications: An International Journal of the IMA, Volume 36, Issue 2, June 2017, Pages 94–107, https://doi.org/10.1093/teamat/hrx001
5.	Kinnear, G., Jones, I., Sangwin, C., Alarfaj, M., Davies, B., Fearn, S., Foster, C., Heck, A., Henderson, K., Hunt, T., Iannone, P., Kontorovich, I., Larson, N., Lowe, T., Meyer, J. C., O’Shea, A., Rowlett, P., Sikurajapathi, I., & Wong, T. (2022). [A Collaboratively-Derived Research Agenda for E- assessment in Undergraduate Mathematics](https://doi.org/10.1007/s40753-022-00189-6). International Journal of Research in Undergraduate Mathematics Education. https://doi.org/10.1007/s40753-022-00189-6

