# STACK in Scotland and beyond

_STACK in Scotland and beyond_, is proposed as a day of practical workshops and planning meetings to develop plans and concrete activities to generate impact from the STACK online assessment system primarily in Scotland.

Please [Register here](https://forms.office.com/?redirecturl=https%3a%2f%2fforms.office.com%2fPages%2fDesignPageV2.aspx%3fsubpage%3ddesign%26FormId%3d8l9CbGVo30Kk245q9jSBPV2qdGaHhMVHjpzjraauwoJUOENSQkxKTFJTWlJSRVQyNTk5N1gyT0tFWi4u%26Token%3d5c2ba11aceca47b89df14c3dd3682efa&auth_pvr=OrgId
) to attend.

**Date:**  30th April 2026.<br/>
**Venue:** Heriot-Watt to School of Mathematical and Computer Sciences, Riccarton campus, Heriot-Watt. 

This day has two purposes

* Allow colleagues from Edinburgh and Heriot-Watt to plan, in detail, how to collaborate on generating impact from the STACK online assessment system.  This includes reviewing existing ongoing projects (e.g.~rejuvenating the HELM textbooks, working with Scottish schools/Education Scotland) and proposing others.  The aim is to develop and strengthen the proposed REF impact case study. 
* Engage colleagues from universities in Scotland with online assessment, with the aim to encourage them to make use (and further use) of STACK.

Colleagues are welcome to attend the afternoon sessions.  The proposed activities are below.

12:30-13:30 Lunch.<br/>
13:30-14:00 Background to STACK.   <br/>
14:00-15:00 Round table: how online assessment can support education of STEM in Scotland.<br/>
15:00-15:30 Coffee break.<br/>
15:30-16:30 Parallel sessions (if needed): (i) Authoring workshop for new users, (ii) networking discussion and next steps.<br/>

For more information, please contact [Chris Sangwin](C.J.Sangwin@ed.ac.uk).


